create graphs for paper with netgraph package (#33)
JulianKarlBauer/mechkit: paper/paper.md

The Python package `mechkit` is a toolkit for researchers
in the field of continuum mechanics and material modeling.

> `mechkit` **Why capitalized?** contains methods and operators
> that facilitate common tasks within tensor algebra and tensor notation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mechkit` contains methods and operators
that simplify common tasks - especially in the area of tensor algebra and tensor notation.
```

In the context of engineering applications in three spatial dimensions, deformations and stresses in solids are
usually described by second-order tensors.
As linear mappings between observed deformations and possibly causal stresses,
fourth-order tensors have a special role in the field of linear elasticity.
To this end, the methods in `mechkit` are primarily focussed on second- and fourth-order tensors. Main motivations can thus be found in the research concerning
linear elasticity
[@Bertram2015], [@Mandel1965], [@Fedorov1968], [@Mehrabadi1990], [@Thomson1856],
[@Cowin1992], [@Rychlewski2000], [@Spencer1970], [@Boehlke2001], [@Brannon2018]
and the description of microstructures of fiber-reinforced
composite materials
[@Bauer2021], [@Kanatani1984], [@Advani1987].

The implementations in `mechkit` aim at usability, seek to provide understandable source code,
and do not put major emphasis on performance.
Furthermore, the implementations follow, as directly as possible,
the notation and formulation in the respective scientific sources.
A redundant implementation of identical operations based on different

> sources is strived for. **For validation or just for fun?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sources is aimed at, for validation reasons.
```

# Statement of need

The methods and operators for the description of linear elasticity and material modeling are mathematically simple and can be expressed in a compact manner.
Due to this relative simplicity, they are usually implemented independently by each scientist for use in their studies.
Consequentially, unlike in other research field such as physics and computer science, there is no library for the common methods and operators of linear elasticity and modeling to this day.

> Apart from didactic advantages **I don't get what you want to say here. Suggestion in line 65.**, this procedure causes problems for

Reviewer: Thanks for feedback, let's talk about this, but please remove your changes.
Why are all these lines highlighted, although you did just add a comment?
Please do not change line endings.

the exchange of research code and
the reliability of the implementations.

> This presents a major obastacle with regard to the exchange and reliability of research code as well as the interpretation and comparison of results.

Reviewer: nice, thanks

The main goal of the project `mechkit` is reusable research code that increases the reliability of the research results and
accelerate as well as simplifies further research.
`mechkit` is inspired by [@fiberoripy] and the projects of the author of [@meshio], **e.g.**.

> 

Reviewer: Please avoid no-content-changes and remove comments here, you would change the authorship...

## Motivation by example: Isotropic material and notations

In the overlapping area of theoretical continuum mechanics, experimental
material modeling,

> and numerical solution methods for boundary value problems,

Reviewer: nice

a multitude of different notations exist.

> As an example, one may consider the description of the mechanical properties of a

Reviewer: thanks

`mechkit` is inspired by [@fiberoripy] and the projects of the author of [@meshio], **e.g.**.

## Motivation by example: Isotropic material and notations

In the overlapping area of theoretical continuum mechanics, experimental
material modeling
and the numerical solution methods for boundary value problems
material modeling,
and numerical solution methods for boundary value problems,
a multitude of different notations exist.
As an example, consider the description of the mechanical properties of a
As an example, one may consider the description of the mechanical properties of a
homogeneous and isotropic, i.e. direction-independent, material within the framework of linear elasticity.
Such a material can be described identically by two scalar material parameters.
However, in the disciplines mentioned above, at least six different material parameters are commonly used
and motivated by different applications and measurement methods.
However, in the disciplines mentioned above, at least six different material parameters are commonly used,
motivated by different applications and measurement methods.
This results in fifteen possible combinations of scalar descriptions of an

> isotropic material, which can be combined to a fourth-order elasticity tensor.

Reviewer: I would like to stick to `a`

> increases drastically **exponentially?** with an increasing number of notations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
increases drastically with an increasing number of notations.
```
